README.md, before:

# Blazor Server
You have a profile to create and delete tasks without load the page
# Tech Stack

**Client:** Html, Bootstrap 5, C# (Blazor Component)

**Server:** C#, SignalR, EF, SQL SERVER, Azure

```bash
Clean Architecture
```
# Try App 👩‍💻

https://taskprojectapp.azurewebsites.net

**OPTIONAL FOR LOGIN:**

User: admin@taskproject.com

Password: 123456

# Watch video of how it works 🎥

https://www.dropbox.com/s/2y1556efy9g1any/TaskProject.mp4?dl=0

# 🛠 Skills
* C#
* Blazor
* Html with Bootstrap 5, CSS
* Separation of responsibilities in the code and architecture
* **SOLID** Principles
* Implementation of Interfaces and Dependency Injection
* ORM > Entity Framework Core with SQLSERVER
* Repository Pattern
* Code First
* Validator Form
* Asynchronous methods
* Identity > Authentication
* Google Authentication
* App Responsive with Css BreakPoints
* Set up a mail server - Gmail
* Deploy to Azure from visual studio

## Warnings
* User registration: emails should be confirmed. I am not attaching the functionality so as not to waste time for users testing the application. Also, do not configure to require a strong password to make testing easier.
* To not include passwords in the code you can use Azure key vault

## Pending improvements

* Limit task creation: maximum 15 tasks per topic
* Improve experience when deleting task

# Design
### Desktop
![My Remote Image](https://uc4ab218fec87bf4a7330e7f493c.previews.dropboxusercontent.com/p/thumb/ABsuTldOXW0yh92BwsdTHpCJgEhfGbkgfpaOMaJ8_LP80Nsm-kodquYXDRLZIjzzxdqy71EjvV3yCTiur9B3Pu2tSDbIHGK15gmuBbp2ZKz6bKNBLLynCAIIgfDWXE45aNcWIQTHvGwT-fjU1RU3jdqVl0zGanCbvWTew9yuM1BvKFi6tjMmum0OEtHnLqGaTyvBFXhQ63zyjaRjfQ5n42lYzzhG3yE0u21U44vIBwSAuc3k4Kkcz3Tztkg03QnpL81kfj7hYg4B6ukwgpMttoXOuwkgqDGrhi7f2eFHFDdx2P_wxsHRvvgceF26s96sKCsv8MIZFzAjjq3j2Bfi_ijpQECTMNvggC-EgSX0ej6woA2Tg1z5VgvS-2igoYeA5vK6l1Cnk1Xr-jPU8o0V3cS4YpmanZmJsn0XlDTYCixxsw/p.png)

### Mobile
![My Remote Image](https://uc92eff29c71704dbbc9e6576f25.previews.dropboxusercontent.com/p/thumb/ABvVabWObKbs5wvsNzpvuiAEl7GLX0nqRN51mgLU9XrggbT6X5ckaJY9rUKPk4p-0TS5zaqDSllb_w0K5DUWh_wAJjuk4VbnwmMC-J2fLi_4PCjxe9KGM_I5gPWJtfbutmahdKhvqf539Ede0kNSnd2589ro-imsHzUbmzmo5VeYaFt7kL1j6ichcFYe1AGywCNqZwFPPEv3HsxuPqzuKcxR9KytusIDseP2yXUuKbnbrteGfPD3WTS6Du-Bane0oebbrCXC_n7jCuR-oxLQr2Qt9V9lmDCTfSf419Am6oco89yxBwojh-beFVzg6khtMk_WWK6n7uk0ihVgc8H7IsoZoOYpCcx4-4YsFbSfaDLlPxpphrCGsSbPGgsAtAhKSAlX2PttwyqbwZ0bF98w-PJvH2OoR_CJ6yyX_gVlbJqRXA/p.png)

# Courses

## Includes those taken in PersonalJournal

![My Remote Image](https://uc434ffbbd6452dbdcf5fb6736c8.previews.dropboxusercontent.com/p/pdf_img/ABvHmy8ZOlJek1q-pBCBg7cNbgxltzCQSCsFMxjQYustKIsDVzCfsGYQ3sOL7jBzBgiXns6l6ajOu45J4D3_9Z1vVIgGVB0ZHibyJmx8d0KDw6OF_ti9IfS_VonoFYT-MGQcFAiAByljZTfkRl1Ps3qsuhOTocBb_VR_-RFNSovmsOyfcQPtv412e750dFLMyH20Jlc9w92P3h5X-42SAWzRfDxJAtImBza6hXDXeTvD3VyRBaroxOQbM7U_6lLIbsCg1n30Qtvt9XBbKJ8zA4GFuvbHaZ_XHHQ9yGRgq7kHQnC1UXpTH69yx2f86FAbfOKEZuYEOBloVjI3DeaoYASnR4uU7FinB9A3sObooj_Z0owu_uJfvVzvwDsRNCMvoI7RzvLYMFhS9DATH-jcK5Uh/p.png?page=0&scale_percent=0)

Commit message:

Readme: Cloud resources have been removed

README.md, after:

# Blazor Server
You have a profile to create and delete tasks without load the page
# Tech Stack

**Client:** Html, Bootstrap 5, C# (Blazor Component)

**Server:** C#, SignalR, EF, SQL SERVER, Azure

```bash
Clean Architecture
```
# Try App 👩‍💻
## Sorry, the resources have been deleted. The video shows how it works.
https://taskprojectapp.azurewebsites.net


# Watch video of how it works 🎥

https://www.dropbox.com/s/2y1556efy9g1any/TaskProject.mp4?dl=0

# 🛠 Skills
* C#
* Blazor
* Html with Bootstrap 5, CSS
* Separation of responsibilities in the code and architecture
* **SOLID** Principles
* Implementation of Interfaces and Dependency Injection
* ORM > Entity Framework Core with SQLSERVER
* Repository Pattern
* Code First
* Validator Form
* Asynchronous methods
* Identity > Authentication
* Google Authentication
* App Responsive with Css BreakPoints
* Set up a mail server - Gmail
* Deploy to Azure from visual studio

## Warnings
* User registration: emails should be confirmed. I am not attaching the functionality so as not to waste time for users testing the application. Also, do not configure to require a strong password to make testing easier.
* To not include passwords in the code you can use Azure key vault

## Pending improvements

* Limit task creation: maximum 15 tasks per topic
* Improve experience when deleting task

# Design
### Desktop
![My Remote Image](https://uc4ab218fec87bf4a7330e7f493c.previews.dropboxusercontent.com/p/thumb/ABsuTldOXW0yh92BwsdTHpCJgEhfGbkgfpaOMaJ8_LP80Nsm-kodquYXDRLZIjzzxdqy71EjvV3yCTiur9B3Pu2tSDbIHGK15gmuBbp2ZKz6bKNBLLynCAIIgfDWXE45aNcWIQTHvGwT-fjU1RU3jdqVl0zGanCbvWTew9yuM1BvKFi6tjMmum0OEtHnLqGaTyvBFXhQ63zyjaRjfQ5n42lYzzhG3yE0u21U44vIBwSAuc3k4Kkcz3Tztkg03QnpL81kfj7hYg4B6ukwgpMttoXOuwkgqDGrhi7f2eFHFDdx2P_wxsHRvvgceF26s96sKCsv8MIZFzAjjq3j2Bfi_ijpQECTMNvggC-EgSX0ej6woA2Tg1z5VgvS-2igoYeA5vK6l1Cnk1Xr-jPU8o0V3cS4YpmanZmJsn0XlDTYCixxsw/p.png)

### Mobile
![My Remote Image](https://uc92eff29c71704dbbc9e6576f25.previews.dropboxusercontent.com/p/thumb/ABvVabWObKbs5wvsNzpvuiAEl7GLX0nqRN51mgLU9XrggbT6X5ckaJY9rUKPk4p-0TS5zaqDSllb_w0K5DUWh_wAJjuk4VbnwmMC-J2fLi_4PCjxe9KGM_I5gPWJtfbutmahdKhvqf539Ede0kNSnd2589ro-imsHzUbmzmo5VeYaFt7kL1j6ichcFYe1AGywCNqZwFPPEv3HsxuPqzuKcxR9KytusIDseP2yXUuKbnbrteGfPD3WTS6Du-Bane0oebbrCXC_n7jCuR-oxLQr2Qt9V9lmDCTfSf419Am6oco89yxBwojh-beFVzg6khtMk_WWK6n7uk0ihVgc8H7IsoZoOYpCcx4-4YsFbSfaDLlPxpphrCGsSbPGgsAtAhKSAlX2PttwyqbwZ0bF98w-PJvH2OoR_CJ6yyX_gVlbJqRXA/p.png)

# Courses

## Includes those taken in PersonalJournal

![My Remote Image](https://uc434ffbbd6452dbdcf5fb6736c8.previews.dropboxusercontent.com/p/pdf_img/ABvHmy8ZOlJek1q-pBCBg7cNbgxltzCQSCsFMxjQYustKIsDVzCfsGYQ3sOL7jBzBgiXns6l6ajOu45J4D3_9Z1vVIgGVB0ZHibyJmx8d0KDw6OF_ti9IfS_VonoFYT-MGQcFAiAByljZTfkRl1Ps3qsuhOTocBb_VR_-RFNSovmsOyfcQPtv412e750dFLMyH20Jlc9w92P3h5X-42SAWzRfDxJAtImBza6hXDXeTvD3VyRBaroxOQbM7U_6lLIbsCg1n30Qtvt9XBbKJ8zA4GFuvbHaZ_XHHQ9yGRgq7kHQnC1UXpTH69yx2f86FAbfOKEZuYEOBloVjI3DeaoYASnR4uU7FinB9A3sObooj_Z0owu_uJfvVzvwDsRNCMvoI7RzvLYMFhS9DATH-jcK5Uh/p.png?page=0&scale_percent=0)
